-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                     RLDEV

           an unofficial development toolkit for AVG2000 and RealLive

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              SOURCE INSTALLATION
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When all the dependencies are present, building the main toolkit* is a simple
case of

  cd src
  ./configure
  omake
  sudo omake install

Use "./configure --help" to get a list of what's configurable.  In particular,
Unix users might like to add the option "--encoding=EUC-JP" or "--encoding=UTF8"
to the configure command line, as the default Shift_JIS encoding is not very
convenient on most Unix platforms.

The tricky part is likely to be getting all the dependencies present.  The
following tools and libraries are required:

  Objective Caml 3.09 (http://caml.inria.fr)
  Findlib             (http://www.ocaml-programming.de/programming/findlib.html)
  Omake 0.9.6.8       (http://omake.metaprl.org)
  ExtLib 1.4 or later (http://ocaml-lib.sf.net)
  Ulex                (http://www.eleves.ens.fr/home/frisch/soft#ulex)

The vaconv utility has the following additional requirements:

  XML Light           (http://tech.motion-twin.com/xmllight)
  libpng 1.2          (http://www.libpng.org)

Note that by default, these must all be compiled for native code.  In the case
of ulex, you must remember to run "make all.opt" before "make install", or the
build will fail later with a cryptic error message.

A relatively simple way to satisfy these requirements, which should succeed on
any supported platform, is to use the GODI distribution of OCaml
(http://www.ocaml-programming.de/godi), selecting the following packages:

  godi-extlib
  godi-ocaml
  godi-omake
  godi-ulex
  godi-xml-light

Depending on your OS, you may need to install libpng manually, or to install
development packages for the system libpng.

To build the documentation, you will need a recent LaTeX installation.  For HTML
output, HEVEA is recommended (see http://pauillac.inria.fr/~maranget/hevea).
The following commands are defined to build it in the formats I use:

  omake docpdf   # build PDF documentation (requires recent pdflatex)
  omake dochtml  # build HTML documentation (requires HEVEA 1.07+2 or later)

The output files will be docsrc/manual.pdf and docsrc/manual.html.

If you are unable to get it to build, prebuiltversions in the above formats
should available from http://dev.haeleth.net/.

Windows users, please note: the only build environment supported is Cygwin with
the Cygwin port of OCaml (this also happens to be the development platform).
MinGW + MSYS may or may not work; MSVC is not supported.  If you really insist
on using native Windows programs, you are advised to stick to the binary
distribution.


* There is a complication: the rlBabel library.  This is a Windows DLL, and 
currently the only compiler supported is Microsoft's Visual C++ command-line 
compiler.  If you wish to build this library, therefore, you will need a Windows 
machine with a copy of this compiler and the Win32 SDK properly installed (both 
are free downloads).  If you can't satisfy this requirement, you can extract
prebuilt binaries of the DLLs from any binary distribution of RLdev.

If you do have the compiler installed, head into src/rlBabel and execute the
"build" script.  Use "build -help" for details of what can be configured.  The
binaries are placed in src/rlBabel/out.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------